1. parser/parse_cnvs.py: Translates specific CNV callers' output into
a neutral format containing just the information we require for
PhyloWGS. We cluster these CNV calls themselves amongst the subclonal
lineages we establish, and use them to correct for the effect of CNVs
on observed variant allele frequencies (VAFs) for SSMs (aka SNVs).

2. parser/create_phylowgs_inputs.py: Takes CNVs (from parse_cnvs.py)
and SSMs (from a VCF file), producing the input files PhyloWGS uses.
This script is necessary because VCFs from different callers differ
dramatically in how they represent read counts, which yield the VAFs
that are used by our clustering algorithm. The parser also filters out
undesirable variants (such as those lying in regions for which we have
no copy number information, or which failed some of the variant
caller's filters) and subsamples the number of variants clustered so
that the algorithm's runtime is more reasonable.

3. evolve.py: This is the primary component of PhyloWGS. It infers
subclonal lineages based on the VAFs and CNVs it is given as input. In
total, it will sample 2500 trees via MCMC, with each tree providing
clusters of SSMs & CNVs, the structural relationships between those
clusters (which is why it's a tree and not just a clustering),
assignments of every SSM and CNV to a cluster, and the cellular
prevalence of each cluster (i.e., what proportion of cells in the
sample carry the SSMs/CNVs assigned to the cluster). These are written
to disk as the file trees.zip, which contains each tree as a pickled
instance of the TSSB class.

4. write_results.py: Converts the sampled trees in trees.zip to JSON
files that are more easily handled by downstream processing scripts.
These can also be visualized by the web-based Witness system shipped
in the source tree.

5. posterior_trees.py: This will write the trees in trees.zip to LaTeX
files, and run pdflatex to create PDFs from them. As part of this
process, there's posterior merging done of the trees, in which trees
that have identical clusters, tree structures, and assignment of SSMs
& CNVs to clusters are merged together, averaging the cellular
prevalences of each population. Unfortunately, when one is clustering
5000 SSMs and several dozen CNVs, very few trees will have identical
structures and assignments, meaning that the posterior merging does
little to summarize the most common trends in the 2500 sampled trees.
As such, we are moving toward a more robust clustering of trees that
will give a much better understanding of what portions of the sampled
phylogenies are consistent across trees, and what portions differ.